Update http.client.rst (#24803)
python/cpython: Doc/library/http.client.rst

   Return the value of the header *name*, or *default* if there is no header
   matching *name*.  If there is more than one  header with the name *name*,

>    return all of the values joined by ', '.  If *default* is any iterable other

Reviewer: Thanks, these two changes are useful.

   >>> data == b''
   True

> Here is an example session that uses the ``POST`` method::

Reviewer: Why this change?

   b'Redirecting to <a href="http://bugs.python.org/issue12524">http://bugs.python.org/issue12524</a>'
   >>> conn.close()

> Client side ``PUT`` HTTP requests are very similar to ``POST`` HTTP requests. The

Reviewer: Less clumsy in my opinion:
```suggestion
Client side HTTP ``PUT`` requests are very similar to ``POST`` requests. The
```

difference lies only on the server side where HTTP servers will allow resources to
be created via ``PUT`` requests. It should be noted that custom HTTP methods
are also handled in :class:`urllib.request.Request` by setting the appropriate

> method attribute. Here is an example session that uses the ``PUT`` method::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
method attribute. Here is an example session that shows how to use the ``PUT`` method::
```

>     >>> # This creates an HTTP request

Reviewer: _request_ is the abstract concept, but _message_ is a type in this module, and used just below in the doc.
This line was not incorrect, I suggest reverting the change.
